Overhaul Resources article (#233)
onflow/cadence-lang.org: docs/language/resources.mdx

sidebar_position: 9
---

Resources are types that can only exist in **one** location at a time and **must** be used **exactly once**.

Resources **must** be created (instantiated) by using the `create` keyword.

> At the end of a function that has resources (variables, constants, parameters) in scope, the resources **must** be either **moved** or **destroyed**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before the closing bracket of a function that has resources created or moved into scope, those resources **must** explicitly be either **moved** to a valid storage location or **destroyed**.
```

b.value
```

A resource object cannot go out of scope and be dynamically lost. The program must either explicitly destroy it or move it to another context.

Declare another, unrelated value of resource type `SomeResource`:

```cadence
{
    let c <- create SomeResource(value: 10)

>     // Invalid: `c` is not used before the end of the scope, but must be.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // Invalid: `c` is not moved or destroyed before the end of the scope, but must be.
```
